Migrate Credentials docs from opensource.ripple.com (#2905)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/decentralized-storage/credentials.md

# Credentials

> The Credentials feature is a set of tools for managing authorization and compliance requirements using the XRP Ledger blockchain, while respecting privacy and decentralization. This feature extends and interconnects with other features of the XRP Ledger including [Deposit Authorization](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts/depositauth). The goal of this feature is to streamline the process of compliance checks such as [KYC (Know Your Customer)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_your_customer) and to enable further trust-based applications within the XRP Ledger ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Credentials feature is a set of tools for managing authorization and compliance requirements using the XRP Ledger blockchain, while respecting privacy and decentralization. This feature extends and interconnects with other features of the XRP Ledger including [Deposit Authorization](../../concepts/accounts/depositauth.md)). The goal of this feature is to streamline the process of compliance checks such as [KYC (Know Your Customer)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_your_customer) and to enable further trust-based applications within the XRP Ledger ecosystem.
```
